Practice bonfire.
Oh yeah, bonfire.
And not only muster on the campus, but muster all over the world.
All over the world.
That's a remarkable accomplishment, I think, is the fact that.
And whether, regardless of what our experience was, like I didn't get to go to A&M, but I was here 21 years, now back too, that I feel a part of this because I've been to many of these.
I've spoken at a number of them and so forth.
And this year at the muster at Nashville, Tennessee, with the great news they had to pass on, you can now buy Shiner beer and Blue Bell ice cream in Nashville, Tennessee.
Oh, my word.
Great Scott.
They felt they had really accomplished something.
Oh, me.
But are we leaving anything out?
Events?
Yeah, that tend to pull the whole crowd together.
I don't have any more to suggest, but I was just...
I think the sports events, but now that's ongoing.
No, I don't.
Goodness gracious.
Right, to whom?
You personally.
Who, if you look back on your
experience here.
Who are the people to whom you feel most indebted to in terms of gratitude for what they meant to you?
Well, certainly Wayne Stark.
Bob Cherry has.
Bob's always been just real personable, helpful to me.
I mentioned
you know, John Paul Abbott, people like Austin Curley, you know, we were involved in this new student parent orientation type thing, which Wayne began incidentally in the back of the coffee shop up there and get three or four people, parents back there while they didn't have anything else to do.
try to tell them about A&M and that thing grew immediately that we'd have oh in the ballroom up there a room full of parents and we'd each take a turn speaking to them but now uh uh later on of course people like uh Diebel uh Ray Diebel Clark Clark Clark Diebel yeah uh
And then, well, Tom Cherry, I always had sort of a... Do you see Bob now?
Mm-hmm.
I saw him a long ago.
Tell him about our conversation and tell him, because I have not called him yet.
I would like very much for him.
Don't know how willing he might be to...
I think he would be amenable to this.
Because what I want to say to everybody is if you don't want it, if you want it kept confidential, just don't say it.
That would be his reservation.
That would be fine.
He knows so much, you know, about, oh my gosh, how long did he deal with the board, you know.
That's right.
Obviously there's so much that he couldn't say that he might not want to be in a position to be confronted with it.
Clyde Freeman, you know, I worked with Clyde Freeman for years.
And let's see, trying to think of the ones that are there now.
They're all gone that I had anything to do with.
Okay, next time.
If you could organize Texas A&M and the Texas A&M system, how would you organize it?
Where would the stations and the services report?
Well, I always think they ought to report to the chancellor or his
underling there, of course, that's all mixed up.
Now they go through the dean of agriculture, don't they, or something?
Well, they report to both.
Hyler is both.
Yes, yes.
He's all the dean.
And Hyler reports to the president, and Hyler reports to the chancellor.
That's something that's got to be difficult, but I don't know.
Yeah, to me, the chancellor, if you're going to have a system, and I think you need one, certainly,
You need to have these clear lines, I think, to him or his, you know, subordinate staff there, but not these crooked things.
Of course, these change from year to year.
You know, Earl was... He was both.
He was both.
And Williams was both.
Was Williams both?
Until 76, when he has the heart attack.
Oh, he was separated again?
Mm-hmm.
Who was his chief A&M administrator?
Jarvis.
Jarvis wasn't president?
Yes, Jarvis was and the relationship didn't work well.
They picked Jarvis in 76 to be president, and Jarvis is president from 76 to 80, and Dr. Williams leaves about 78 to go to Houston.
But they didn't work well.
The relationship wasn't as smooth as it might have been, and one of the big arguments was,
later, with Hubert and Miller, was where do the stations and the services report?
Oh, man, alive.
Well, there is.
Of course, you've got research and teaching and all of those, and it's complicated.
It's complicated.
Let's see, two other things, and then let me let you go.
If you have any
personal papers, archival material that you ever want to dispose of, please consider putting it in the ANM archives in Cushing.
Okay.
They'll take better care of it than anybody else will.
and we'll get it organized and make it available.
I have a letter that my father wrote to Dr. Walton once that had to do with the draining of this lake down here, you know.
And, you know, that's one thing that Mr. Gilchrist did, was to have all these bodies of water drained and mosquito controlled, and it was a filthy lake.
I mean, you can't, but then again,
It was just a weed infested place from then on.
And this letter is asking help from the university about here we've got this blood weed growing thing down here.
He went all several pages about how we as children played down there in the Tarzan and all this sort of thing.
It's an interesting letter.
But I wanted to send it to Steve Vici, you know, Parks and Recreation here.
But, you know, a copy of it was with David Chapman up there, too.
One of the people I offered this to was Mrs. Rudder.
because Ann had cautioned me, typists leave this off when we're, when you're typing this version.
Mrs. Rudder still has the vast majority of Mr. Rudder's papers.
Really?
Yeah, and occasionally, according to Ann, people will stop by and talk her out of some of them.
She'll give him, she'll give this somebody a letter sign, Bail B.J.
or something.
How would she, how did she get them?
Well, she still has all of his,
all of his personal everything.
I know, but why?
They ought to be in the archives.
Oh, yes.
Because another thing, there might be a fire.
Who knows?
Oh, yeah.
All right, last thing.
Okay.
Somebody gives you a million-dollar check, and there's only one condition.
you must pass it on to Texas A&M, but you decide what it would be used for.
Oh, heaven forbid.
What would you, if you could make a big, big, big presentation, what would it go for?
It wouldn't be in the sports arena.
Oh, if it would be needed, supplementing any awards to teacher or service award type things, which I think means a lot.
I mean, you know, that watch you're wearing, it means a lot to people like that and things of this nature.
I mean, really, that's kind of a hard question to answer, but A&M already has millions that they don't know what to do with, I think, sometimes.
But I think service recognition more than anything, if it would.
Last, last, last.
What has it meant to you?
To be with A&M?
My life.
You know, my life from the very beginning to the very end.
Granted, I'm quite confused now.
I go up on campus and, you know, here are the ag buildings now, the history building and something else.
And one of the things walking across the campus, the buildings that I am familiar with are dwarfed by, you know, this is startling.
I didn't think that would be so noticeable, but they are simply dwarfed by the bigger buildings there.
So I feel like now I don't belong.
It's just a whole new world up there.
But my life from the very beginning, which I'm very happy with and proud of,
So to witness all this growth here through the years has just been phenomenal.
It's been great.
Thank you.